PUZZLE INPUT: 
Represents a patch of trees arranged in a grid manner, with each number representing the 
height of the tree at that location.

For any tree in the patch, there are other trees around it.
Only trees directly to the left and right, and directly at the top and bottom will be considered.
(We will not look at diagonals)

Of those other trees, not all of them are actually visible.

A tree is visible if:

a) It is shorter than the tree in the current location.

b) It is the same height or taller than the tree in the current location.
Note: Every tree past this kind of visible tree is not visible, as they are blocked from view)

The scenic score of the tree in the current location is a number that is calculated as:
(trees visible when looking above the current tree) x (trees visible when looking below the current tree) x
(trees visible when looking to the left of the current tree) x (trees visible when looking to the right of the current tree)

The number of trees seen before the view is blocked is called the 'viewing distance'.

If I look left and encounter 3 trees (including the tree that will block my view), then the viewing distance in that direction
is 3.


GOAL:
Find the highest scenic score possible in the patch.


EXAMPLE:
Given the patch:

30373
25512
65332
33549
35390

If the current tree of interest is the tree with height 5 (the second 5 in the second row looking from left to right),
Its scenic score is calculated by:

- Looking above it:
    There is one visible tree of height 3. 
    
    The viewing distance is 1.


- Looking below it:
    There are two visible trees below it:
        - The tree with height 3
        - The tree after that, with height 5. Trees after this tree are not visible
        
        The viewing distance is 2.


- Looking to the left of it:
    There is only one visible tree of height 5. The tree of height 2 is blocked from view, and is therefore invisible.
    
    The viewing distance here is 1.


- Looking to the right of it:
    There are two visible trees (heights 1 and 2)
    
    The viewing distance is 2.


The scenic score is therefore the result of multiplying these viewing distances
scenic score = 1 x 2 x 1 x 2 = 4
